# CS330-Comp-Graphic-and-Visualization

Designing software for this course was a challenge, because I did not have any familiarity with openGL before this point, nor was I partocularly familiar with working with a program that already had so much built already. By working with the code base provided to me, I've learned a bit how to work with already encapsulated programs. I primarily looked at the tutorials provided to help me figure out what could and could not be changed. I feel like this taught me a bit about how it will feel to work on a programming team in the future, though thankfully I will generally be able to ask team members directly what certain blocks of code do in the case that I don't know.

Throughout this course, I learned a bit about how to aggregate information about how to create a program based on the principals given to me. This meant that even as I engaged in the higher level elements of the program, I built an understanding of how it works on the lower levels. Iteration factored into development through building the scene in stages. First some basic shapes where introduced, them camera controls, then textures, then material and lighting to slowly create a more immersive 3D scene. I think my approach changed during this course in that I stopped pushing to do things beyond the scope of the material and program. In the future, I would like to learn a bit more about how to do more advanced techniques, but I wanted to save myself the frustration and tears for now.

Knowing more about how computation graphics and visualizations are created will be immensely helpful when it comes to a potential in game design, especially if I ever decide to build my own game engine. At the very least, it gives me greater appreciation for the complex math and computation involved in displaying graphics.
